---
layout: default
title: Hello, Mad
date: 2021-09-12
---
**This is the assignment page**

Question 1
What is the name of the layout file for the main activity?
activity_main.xml

Question 2
What is the name of the string resource that specifies the application's name?
app_name

Question 3
Which tool do you use to create a new emulator?
AVD Manager

Question 4
Assume that your app includes this logging statement:
Log.i("MainActivity", "MainActivity layout is complete");
You see the statement "MainActivity layout is complete" in the Logcat pane if the Log level menu is set to which of the following? (Hint: multiple answers are OK.)
Verbose
Debug
Info

Question 1
Which two layout constraint attributes on the Zero Button position it vertically equal distance between the other two Button elements? (Pick 2 answers.)
app:layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf="@+id/button_count"
app:layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf="@+id/button_toast"

Question 2
Which layout constraint attribute on the Zero Button positions it horizontally in alignment with the other two Button elements?
app:layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf="@+id/button_toast"

Question 3
What is the correct signature for a method used with the android:onClick XML attribute?
public void callMethod(View view)

Question 4
The click handler for the Count Button starts with the following method signature:
public void countUp(View view)
Which of the following techniques is more efficient to use within this handler to change the Button element's background color? Choose one:
Use the view parameter that is passed to the click handler with setBackgroundColor(): view.setBackgroundColor()

Question 1
How many views can you use within a ScrollView? Choose one:
As many as you need

Question 2
Which XML attribute do you use in a LinearLayout to show views side by side? Choose one:
android:orientation="horizontal"

Question 3
Which XML attribute do you use to define the width of the LinearLayout inside the scrolling view? Choose one:
android:layout_width="match_parent"


Let's make some difference in which you can actually [return](https://saiqi1999.github.io/cs5520project/) to the index page

